Add restart Blitz instruction in Tutorial (#784)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: app/pages/docs/tutorial.mdx

// ...
```

> Restart Blitz. Now check `/questions` in the browser. **Magic!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart your app — stop dev server and run `yarn dev`, `npm dev`, or `pnpm dev` again. Now check `/questions` in the browser. **Magic!**
```

Author: ❤️
